hey everybody welcome back to nor the
lion plays The Binding of Isaac after
birth plus a cosmic prison of my own
creation but hey at least it's fun we
got negative runs as many you know why
we got it like concealed is it don't
want to choose as asel because it's like
choosing easy mode but it's gotta be
done three eg1 wdv zero
you know what we could do we don't do
hush we need we don't have to do boss
rush with you mega satan and the entire
negative path and then delirium it's a
little premature to suggest that like we
have a hundred percent chance of making
any of all any of that happen much less
all of it but you know it's a it's a
flip and start dude that's a great time
for explosive diarrhea cuz there was a
tinted rock there panic power at least
it's a an enabler for us to get spun
enabling is normally you know people
consider it a bad things it's always
used in context in like a amis
intervention so as i all you know and
enabled my addiction but sometimes you
could be enabled good things like for
example the existence of the interstate
allows me I shouldn't say allowed I
should have say enabled the existence of
the interstate enables me to drive
interstates
I can drive from solid to liquid I could
drive from liquid the gaseous I can even
go gaseous to plasma it's actually the
worst joke I've ever told please give me
a key so I have something to talk about
via this golden chest if you do not mind
hello I would love some pizza whatever
you would like to get on the pizza is
fine by me
thank you that's some best question I've
ever been asked in my whole life
rarely will I say no to a request of
that nature
now Ragman went down easy and we're very
very close to spot and plus we got a
range upgrade which is high value right
now I don't know what I was gonna say
instead of value that's high oh wow
she's a bitch good don't chat ahead it
pits on the soles of the shoes you don't
get that reference listen to Paul
Simon's Graceland right now I know kids
these days you'll NL what about Death
Grips nah dude I'll listen to Death
Grips when I get sick of listening to
Paul Simon's 1986 album Graceland
recorded with Ladysmith Black Mambazo
aka never gonna happen cuz it's a
perfect album Oh careful here
in other news sales of Paul Simon's 1986
album have doubled this week from one to
two look it's an enduring success story
is all I'm trying to say
we might rather go to the shop first but
I'm gonna Bank on getting some extra
bonus love in here
I shouldn't be it's extremely good
I shouldn't be sad about doing Anna's
asel run cuz you got to do it and some
azazel runs end up being difficult
that's not even like a joke obviously
once you get everything ticked off and
you never have to do these guys what
have you exploded it looked like at
least once you you know never have to do
hush again it ends up being a lot easier
but you know to get very specific things
to ticked off the list is not always
easy is it always difficult no that
would be a lie but it's certainly not
always 100% of the time easy mind you
this run is shaping up quite nicely so
far we did spend some money which means
we spent some damage but one of the
things that we want on any azazel run
basically is to pick up a high-value
space bar item and pretty much you know
ready for that life now that we have
triple of Earth's Aria on nine-volt not
triple-a battery take this immediately
trade it away for dark bomb look at that
okay
now we've got almost everything you
could conceivably need I would love to
knock out everything here I would love
to knock out just a lyrium like we
knocked out two lyrium on Eden a runner
two ago
must have been two ago cuz we just did
that keeper run it's nice to get that
you know off of your off your plate
because the negative runs you can do
anytime in theory we could roll the dice
and go down to Sheol beat Sheol go down
to the dark womb and then there's a dark
room sorry it would be a much stranger
of Freudian slip if there weren't like
multiple areas in this game called the
womb to begin with sometimes with the
hue attached to them but anyway try not
to read too much into it
that was pretty stupid of me but beyond
that you know we want to take the chance
and we could just knock out the Delirium
run maybe much more easily than that so
obviously like you know I don't want to
wish for the moon here but that's the
only say wish for the moon even if you
miss you'll land amongst the stars right
if I could get something along the lines
of may I please actually yes can't do
anything with that yet
like gimpy for example so I could get a
bunch of red hearts that could be
converted or I could also get spirit are
it's just directly we should take that
get mom's key if we could get the wafer
like we had two runs ago then ended up
being a huge enabler for us if we can
get something better than Bob's curse
that would be a start let's go check out
this right here it's a two of diamonds
so we've milled ourselves down to like
zero money but the idea is that in the
future we're gonna be able to oh dude
that's actually like almost fits into
our plan we can actually get some value
out a little chat even if we end up
never having read HP on this run
No why do you insist on standing right
in front of the enemy who's charging you
did the commenters ask and I have no
answer
I'm not owned I'm not owned I shout as I
shrink into a decreasing streak anyway
we want to get over five cents why pop
quiz hotshot I have failed the pop quiz
there's no reason to take that damage
here's the thing like I don't really
want to play these guys cuz I doubt
we're gonna go my lord I doubt we're
gonna get much but why don't we like
play one and blow up every single one of
the others
[Music]
no I think it worked I mean we got over
five cents at least let's go back to our
special room here as well the idea is I
think not that we used to have diamonds
right away to get back to the damage we
used to have but rather that we'll buy
everything on the final floor that has
the chance to have something which in
this case could be the Blue Room and
then use two of diamonds to get
ourselves back to a reasonable damage
bonus if necessary I'm not sweating the
damage that I've taken so far cuz even
though it looks bad I mean in the end we
do have dark bums so it's only a matter
of time until we get to shine it's not a
question of when and who isn't Jed no
and now why do you know the theme song
to party of five is that the theme song
- it's the theme song of one of those
frickin shows Dawson's party of five at
9:02 100
Melrose Place etc etc I know it because
my parents took me to see a concert from
Canadian rock star Colin James anybody
know Colin James if he don't he goes I
just came back to say goodbyes you know
he's kind of like discount Bryan Adams I
like it more than Bryan Adams but I
don't like Bryan Adams at all so I know
that's sacrilegious for a Canadian to
say that about the Canadian you know
rock star laureate yeah I don't think we
have a rock star Laurie
but it's true everything I do I do it
for you more like everything I do I do
it for poo Bryan Adams Bryan Adams Bryan
Eden's I wish my Bryan azazel you got a
decent amount of HP I'm starting to
think like you know there could come a
time it's gonna sound a little
ridiculous but there could come a time
where we actually get to full HP and
we're still getting spirit hearts paid
out from dark bomb so we can actually
use we can use IV bag as stupid as it
sounds to create more damage for us via
money equals power
I think we're substantially well
equipped for progress here and do the
fact that we got gimpy even better like
I almost want to just try something like
that on for size is it a smart idea
probably not but I am thinking it in the
same manner that I'm thinking about
those beans that was just terrible
especially because it's kind of like
it's a positive feedback loop right like
we should be getting luck upgrades from
Penny's as you saw right there that
gives us a better chance to make gimpy
payout which gives us more fuel to get
money for money equals power which gives
us more items to purchase which makes us
stronger etc etc right now it's
predominantly like the little Chad show
there's a joke in there somewhere but
that could change in the future we could
have the gimpy show it is my favorite
show because it's my show dude got mad
frozen swinging a Miss buddy
we should take that I mean might not
even want to trade because we can
actually get we're gonna trade I mean
come on let's be real yet at the same
time there was a lot of value that we
could garner from that like we could
have used that to get a lot of plays out
of IV bag but it's it's a decision
that's made tougher by the fact that you
know the deal was for an item that's
actually pretty ok you got something for
me you do it's good cuz I haven't taken
some stupid damage another two of
diamonds so we will pop this immediately
by nun's habit blow this up nun's habit
doesn't do a lot for us when we have the
whole razor gotta think about that one
which means I'm not gonna take it
nuns have it doesn't do a lot for us
with IV bag but we might not be used an
IV bag forever there's chaos and at half
price I might add if the Emperor which
we don't really want just yet but still
forget me now in the d4 not really a d4
bull run yet at least take another guppy
item might as well up our bombs which we
got a decent amount of and then just
move along dude this is incredible we
are one item away from becoming guppy
and that really cements the odds of this
being like a plausible delirium victory
way up there and again you might think
we've made a mistake there are they in
many ways you might be right but I'm
just saving two of diamonds I don't
think I need the huge damage bonus right
away instead you know I'd rather have
the damage bonus more permanently but
later because I mean if you can't
survive with eight point seven one
damage on this floor you got you know
bigger problems
we got a joker right off the bed decent
chance to become copy right off the bed
even decent or chance to get something
of value regardless I would probably
take Krampus as head right now I just
don't I don't see a future for IV bag
here so we will take it not sure if it's
ten out of ten but IV bag as much as I
was like excited to get it my brain
started
Caladan ideas that could be useful I
don't think it was ever gonna be a huge
value should be another spear at a heart
or two maybe a spider Ferris Bueller
Ferris Bueller's Day Off there you go
this there's an SNL skit look I came up
with the title that's the hard part
everybody else get to work on somehow
making various Bueller entertaining in
any way possible
the spider nothing not that I'm
necessarily complaining about the
situation I mean we're still steam
rolling here I did I take I didn't take
jumper cables I definitely should have
taken jumper cables the only reason I
didn't is cuz I was like we don't need
it with IV bag but you know while doing
that I was simultaneously talking about
how we don't need nun's habit but it
could be useful for us in the future
anyway so basically it's an extremely
like do as I say not as I do sort of
voice going on so a negative victory
here is like extremely easy what we need
wow it's a lot of HP dude that's pretty
good what we need though is a delirium
pass thank you for creating two spiders
that fought each other for my amusement
that was very nice of you
we're just keeping it quick not to rush
but because you know boss rush is in the
cards for us if we do things right
that's another two of diamonds okay
though why don't you just blew up the
donation machine for no reason man okay
let's get back out of here playing too
much greed mode apparently things I
never thought I'd say four five hundred
all right so we don't care about seeing
a deal with the devil here in fact we
would rather not see one
give us a better chance on the next
floor gimpy and dark bum doing work of
course now that I've gotten rid of IV
bag I'm like dude IV bag would be pretty
sweet right here you get Necronomicon
because we have chaos and you gotta I
mean once every six rooms Necronomicon
versus once every well yeah six rooms
unless we get hit once every six rooms
Krampus instead you're probably going
cram pees head on that one I mean like I
I'm a forward-thinking guy sometimes but
that's a little too far for me
Necronomicon still sorta sucks well we
got a battery charger we're like beyond
max HP halo flies of course is great
it's supposed to diarrhea not so much
are we gonna do boss rush if we are
that'll be where we pop to a diamonds
because it's not really like I'm
extremely invested in making it to the
hush fight why are we getting so many
red chests except for delirium plays
like I'm not worried about it but we
might as well take our maximum bonus
like at that point I'm not really
worried about like any form of
consumable including money because I
mean we got affluenza
we got Isaac affluenza right now my
favorite Star Wars Jedi character
he wields a gold lightsaber sorry yeah
go light saber we have as many of every
consumable as we can conceive what we
want we also have like the best card for
where we're at right now it's like that
copypasta you know a fighter hilarious
oh you nerds talk crap too NL and twitch
chat in real life he's jacked he wears
the most expensive clothes hangs out
with the hottest babes you wouldn't you
would never say this to his face which I
mean I'll be a true is also humorous
mom's key ended up being her boss key it
knows what is it boss key I can't even
remember now whichever it was ended up
being very useful for us dude the goat
head sure sign me up I'll take a little
HP
plus the speed advantage well donate as
much money as we'd well maybe we
shouldn't do this actually tell you what
I'll donate to there because we are
gonna need money for our future here to
get to maximum HP as quickly as possible
money as quickly as possible we can now
donate anything over 50 cents though so
like we can go we're not quite done yet
um get easily afford to come back here
and throw them like another 10 cents
it's not like we're gonna be spending
any money on the womb anyway and we can
like blow this guy up might as well just
pick it up donate another 5 cents all
right I mean it's a productive donation
can't really be mad oh he's always throw
a couple of keys away just for sport are
you've never done that oh we should have
taken the world car because we could
have just used the two of diamonds there
that's what happens when I win not not
when you that's what happens when I try
to min max as much as possible end up
actually a min meaning but my heart was
in the right place
I was trying to tinker
now pretty much walked right into that
one
not that it's relevant we want the
negative just in case
so probably Benny no you know what
weary rolled our run very recently I'm
just gonna take a theme and get out of
here anybody that says that's not zany
sucks - you're a smart basically I also
think none of this is worth it we've
already done mega Satan so let's get the
heck out we've already done boss rush as
Azazel so let's get the heck out of here
we want to force this Azazel fight god I
hate this room made easy but still we
want to force the Azazel fight that was
actually horrible and and by Azazel I
mean mega sane man it's a queue that I
should record something other than Isaac
for today when you can't get the right
name for something like eight times in a
row but you got to force the mega Satan
fight so we can force the Delirium fight
I think I will sack a spirit heart to go
to the curse room it's a rate of fire so
bad now and I don't believe it's changed
why is my perception that our rate of
fire is worse now are these the same
same signs my uncle was showing oh my
god you scared me trick-or-treat
yeah yeah yeah you can just leave that
there this run will be done in a
millisecond sorry what I don't know I
didn't hear anything that was mine
flooded all right
god I hate scolex
you're the worst my dude
give me liberty Thank You holy mantle
you've been out too long in the midnight
sea the guppy dream we don't forget the
tears of grape that's not like relevant
in the very least here
with holy mantle we can essentially walk
into every room and kill every enemy
like instantly not instantly but like at
very little risk to ourselves and if you
ever see me playing badly on this run
I'm just gonna default to the neck pain
excuse that's right
three Isaac episodes in one day what is
he some sort of madman that's two hours
and 20 minutes of work where does he
find the time I don't understand it's
true being a youtuber is streamers a
pretty tough gig cats yet to sneeze
around me I don't know if there's any
like cat to human diseases that can be
transmitted like that but I just like
I'd prefer if you didn't sneeze into my
face when you wanted my attention maybe
that's just a person too maybe I'm being
a little bit of a germaphobe I do
resemble Howie Mandel at least in the
follicular Department which is also
coincidentally my least favorite area of
the grocery store but still dude you
don't have to give me the facial sneezes
give me the facial rubs
the sneezes are too much though anyone
did that to me on the street I would
think about smacking them in the face
but actually do nothing instead I would
tweet about it later and get a lot of
sympathy I'd go this guy's a jerk and
people would go yeah he is and I would
feel vindicated as a result despite my
inaction in the face of an injustice uh
nothing of value so easy floor down to
the blue room we're gonna take our time
to perfect the beat and we still are
gonna continue to have love for the
streets it's the d-r-e plus we can
donate like crazy here no we can donate
a couple of times is what I meant to say
yeah we'll take scapulae and we will
take faiths reward neither of which very
pivotal well takes mom's box of trinkets
could be cool actually
but guppies head is obviously like
substantially better in pretty much
every available situation this is where
things tend to get difficult though is a
fight against an enemy where you got to
get real close cuz you range stat ain't
all it's cracked up to be
and that makes dodging much more
difficult
we do have 43 but bombs as well oh there
goes holy man's legs I'm an idiot um we
could throw in the butt bombs like in
the middle dodge to the side put your
right foot in put your right foot out
you put your right foot in you shake it
all about you do the Hokey Pokey then
you turn yourself around that's what
it's all about
I'll see you can check out anytime but
you can never leave
welcome to the instructions for the Hulk
epoch in such a lovely dance structure
lovely things give the dance a chance
most people don't know this but Charles
dance was actually named for the
hokey-pokey which is out dance as most
people don't realize
and when Jo Dee Messina sang you know so
when you get the chance to sit it out or
dance I hope you'll dance she was
talking about the hokey-pokey it was
either that or a chicken dance at her
best friend's wedding starring Julia
Roberts so this is like the ideal enemy
for us to be facing or the ideal way for
us to be facing against this enemy the
less he moves the safer we are the more
flies we generate the faster he dies the
less damage we take overall this is just
a little preview of what its gonna be
like to fight delirium so like I
wouldn't get too cocky about the way
this looks just yet Wow
well actually a theme came through in
the clutch and actually took us back to
basically full HP oh my lord just die
you've you've served your purpose on
this green earth be destroyed your ashes
will scatter to the earth you will be no
more okay
is there anything of value that we could
get before we go to this delirium floor
maybe a pill that's a vert pill which
gave us another range up you know what
that ended up actually being pretty good
so forget the negative let's knock out
delirium we're looking for like a
strength card we're looking for a what
we're looking for four cents another
range up is not bad to speed ups don't
do anything for us but
looking for a devil card basically
anything that gives us damage I would
accept a lovers card for the
potentiality of it's giving us spirit
hearts from dark bomb I'm not gonna
sweat too much by the way like just in
general I'm gonna sweat just the right
amount and don't ever question it no but
I'm not gonna sweat too much whether or
not we're on the boss fight that could
be delirium too early of course it's
always better to get more items before
you go for it but we don't have too much
in the way of control there
unfortunately we can't see the map is
basically what I'm getting at here is a
two of diamonds better than a speed
upgrade no both of them are now
irrelevant but at one point of this run
were extremely valuable
last system it's good at least get a
couple items we got chaos so like the
world's our burrito your dude might I
suggest a little cut okay well nevermind
- just a little combo we had earlier um
Sacred Heart Plus a crown of light
please
wouldn't be the worst thing in the world
in fact it might actually be the best
thing in the world and yes I have
consumed a cronut so I feel like I'm an
authority on the best things on earth I
actually I have to admit I'm lying you
have never consumed the cronut I missed
that fad I've gone in on other fads
though I have I've consumed Val this
month
I'll admit what do I think of it I think
they're expensive sandwiches I'm not
talking about Bon Me's I'm very for
those I'm talking about the you know
Chinese style steamed buns filled with
like you know two bites of food three
bucks about four bucks a Bao day Bao Bao
it's alright but you know it's not an
everyday thing for certain I love cold
brew coffee people think I'm a snob for
dreamin cold brew coffee you know why I
love cold brew coffee cuz I have a
crippling biological dependency on
caffeine and cold brew coffee is cold as
a result you can drink it immediately so
it's that combined with double you know
that Coverley cuts down on the acidity
so the flavors of the coffee yeah maybe
but also it can enter you know my
bloodstream faster that's a big part of
it it's like a ton of money not that
that makes any difference for us right
now I also have no idea where we are
that's a little bit more on the annoying
side we checked here is this where we
came from this might be where we came
from so I'm thinking I obviously by the
way the big mistake we made here we
tried to split the difference so instead
of getting the polaroid which would have
given us a really nice period of
permanent polaroid invincibility to
abuse down here we have the negative
which is more or less pretty much
useless when it comes to you know
offensively doing anything for us here
at least
it's pretty dumb however we were trying
to accomplish our bets cuz we didn't
know right we took insurance on our
blackjack plate I understand that that's
considered a bad move but let's be
honest if you were looking for good
moves you probably wouldn't be in the
casino in the first place these runs
exist for us to make mistakes and get
messy as Miss Frizzle said I forget the
other she had she had some important
advice I don't remember all of it look
she's a smart lady though I always tried
to embody that miss Frizzle spirit when
I was teaching if the Miss Frizzle
spirit was hey here's the lesson I'm
happy to answer any questions that you
have but at the same time if you're
gonna act up please just sit down and do
your workbook because I'm being paid
about seven dollars an hour to be a
surrogate daycare for children that
consider me to be a mercenary from
another country so it's really like the
workbook does the heavy lifting you're
there to make sure nobody gets killed
and also help with pronunciation not
exactly Teacher of the Year material but
a pragmatic approach I would suggest
please allow me to find the boss rooms
before I further illustrate that I was
not very good in my last job oh please
delirium I beg you let's go so I don't
want to take damage but you ever hear
the expression you gotta spend money to
make money
I think we gotta put ourselves at risk
to have the best chance possible to also
get damage done here so a theme is like
a little sliver of our damage it's not
worth very much I think the Flies are
extremely valuable foot thank you
and and the beam is obviously like
number one any damage we can get done
with that beam is gonna be extremely
valuable so we're more than halfway done
and our HP is not that was actually
extremely good I still think there's
like a little bug where when a boss
transitions if it's transitioning to a
boss with low HP you can do like its
regular level of HP for like a split
second instead of it's delirium level of
HP either way though some of the easiest
money ever made here like I said you got
to spend to make what are we unlock dark
Prince's crown that's a great item or
great trinket I should say so an overall
successful run thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks are watching
and I will see you next time